507)
A company has a web application for travel ticketing. The application is based on a database that runs in a single data center in North America. The company wants to expand the application to serve a global user base. The company needs to deploy the application to multiple AWS Regions. Average latency must be less than 1 second on updates to the reservation database.

The company wants to have separate deployments of its web platform across multiple Regions. However, the company must maintain a single primary reservation database that is globally consistent.

Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

A. Convert the application to use Amazon DynamoDB. Use a global table for the center reservation table. Use the correct Regional endpoint in each Regional deployment.
B. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. Deploy Aurora Read Replicas in each Region. Use the correct Regional endpoint in each Regional deployment for access to the database.
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. Deploy MySQL read replicas in each Region. Use the correct Regional endpoint in each Regional deployment for access to the database.
D. Migrate the application to an Amazon Aurora Serverless database. Deploy instances of the database to each Region. Use the correct Regional endpoint in each Regional deployment to access the database. Use AWS Lambda functions to process event streams in each Region to synchronize the databases.

508)
A company has migrated multiple Microsoft Windows Server workloads to Amazon EC2 instances that run in the us-west-1 Region. The company manually backs up the workloads to create an image as needed.

In the event of a natural disaster in the us-west-1 Region, the company wants to recover workloads quickly in the us-west-2 Region. The company wants no more than 24 hours of data loss on the EC2 instances. The company also wants to automate any backups of the EC2 instances.

Which solutions will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative effort? (Choose two.)

A. Create an Amazon EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to create a backup based on tags. Schedule the backup to run twice daily. Copy the image on demand.
B. Create an Amazon EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to create a backup based on tags. Schedule the backup to run twice daily. Configure the copy to the us-west-2 Region. Most Voted
C. Create backup vaults in us-west-1 and in us-west-2 by using AWS Backup. Create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based on tag values. Create an AWS Lambda function to run as a scheduled job to copy the backup data to us-west-2.
D. Create a backup vault by using AWS Backup. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based on tag values. Define the destination for the copy as us-west-2. Specify the backup schedule to run twice daily. Most Voted
E. Create a backup vault by using AWS Backup. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan for the EC2 instances based on tag values. Specify the backup schedule to run twice daily. Copy on demand to us-west-2.

510)
A global marketing company has applications that run in the ap-southeast-2 Region and the eu-west-1 Region. Applications that run in a VPC in eu-west-1 need to communicate securely with databases that run in a VPC in ap-southeast-2.

Which network design will meet these requirements?

A. Create a VPC peering connection between the eu-west-1 VPC and the ap-southeast-2 VPC. Create an inbound rule in the eu-west-1 application security group that allows traffic from the database server IP addresses in the ap-southeast-2 security group.
B. Configure a VPC peering connection between the ap-southeast-2 VPC and the eu-west-1 VPC. Update the subnet route tables. Create an inbound rule in the ap-southeast-2 database security group that references the security group ID of the application servers in eu-west-1.
C. Configure a VPC peering connection between the ap-southeast-2 VPC and the eu-west-1 VPUpdate the subnet route tables. Create an inbound rule in the ap-southeast-2 database security group that allows traffic from the eu-west-1 application server IP addresses.
D. Create a transit gateway with a peering attachment between the eu-west-1 VPC and the ap-southeast-2 VPC. After the transit gateways are properly peered and routing is configured, create an inbound rule in the database security group that references the security group ID of the application servers in eu-west-1.

513)
A social media company wants to allow its users to upload images in an application that is hosted in the AWS Cloud. The company needs a solution that automatically resizes the images so that the images can be displayed on multiple device types. The application experiences unpredictable traffic patterns throughout the day. The company is seeking a highly available solution that maximizes scalability.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create a static website hosted in Amazon S3 that invokes AWS Lambda functions to resize the images and store the images in an Amazon S3 bucket.
B. Create a static website hosted in Amazon CloudFront that invokes AWS Step Functions to resize the images and store the images in an Amazon RDS database.
C. Create a dynamic website hosted on a web server that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. Configure a process that runs on the EC2 instance to resize the images and store the images in an Amazon S3 bucket.
D. Create a dynamic website hosted on an automatically scaling Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that creates a resize job in Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). Set up an image-resizing program that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance to process the resize jobs.

519)
A consulting company provides professional services to customers worldwide. The company provides solutions and tools for customers to expedite gathering and analyzing data on AWS. The company needs to centrally manage and deploy a common set of solutions and tools for customers to use for self-service purposes.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create AWS CloudFormation templates for the customers.
B. Create AWS Service Catalog products for the customers.
C. Create AWS Systems Manager templates for the customers.
D. Create AWS Config items for the customers.

520)
A company is designing a new web application that will run on Amazon EC2 Instances. The application will use Amazon DynamoDB for backend data storage. The application traffic will be unpredictable. The company expects that the application read and write throughput to the database will be moderate to high. The company needs to scale in response to application traffic.

Which DynamoDB table configuration will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Configure DynamoDB with provisioned read and write by using the DynamoDB Standard table class. Set DynamoDB auto scaling to a maximum defined capacity.
B. Configure DynamoDB in on-demand mode by using the DynamoDB Standard table class.
C. Configure DynamoDB with provisioned read and write by using the DynamoDB Standard Infrequent Access (DynamoDB Standard-IA) table class. Set DynamoDB auto scaling to a maximum defined capacity.
D. Configure DynamoDB in on-demand mode by using the DynamoDB Standard Infrequent Access (DynamoDB Standard-IA) table class.

521)
A retail company has several businesses. The IT team for each business manages its own AWS account. Each team account is part of an organization in AWS Organizations. Each team monitors its product inventory levels in an Amazon DynamoDB table in the team's own AWS account.

The company is deploying a central inventory reporting application into a shared AWS account. The application must be able to read items from all the teams' DynamoDB tables.

Which authentication option will meet these requirements MOST securely?

A. Integrate DynamoDB with AWS Secrets Manager in the inventory application account. Configure the application to use the correct secret from Secrets Manager to authenticate and read the DynamoDB table. Schedule secret rotation for every 30 days.
B. In every business account, create an IAM user that has programmatic access. Configure the application to use the correct IAM user access key ID and secret access key to authenticate and read the DynamoDB table. Manually rotate IAM access keys every 30 days.
C. In every business account, create an IAM role named BU_ROLE with a policy that gives the role access to the DynamoDB table and a trust policy to trust a specific role in the inventory application account. In the inventory account, create a role named APP_ROLE that allows access to the STS AssumeRole API operation. Configure the application to use APP_ROLE and assume the crossaccount role BU_ROLE to read the DynamoDB table.
D. Integrate DynamoDB with AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Generate identity certificates to authenticate DynamoDB. Configure the application to use the correct certificate to authenticate and read the DynamoDB table.

531)
A company needs to integrate with a third-party data feed. The data feed sends a webhook to notify an external service when new data is ready for consumption. A developer wrote an AWS Lambda function to retrieve data when the company receives a webhook callback. The developer must make the Lambda function available for the third party to call.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?

A. Create a function URL for the Lambda function. Provide the Lambda function URL to the third party for the webhook.
B. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in front of the Lambda function. Provide the ALB URL to the third party for the webhook.
C. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Attach the topic to the Lambda function. Provide the public hostname of the SNS topic to the third party for the webhook.
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Attach the queue to the Lambda function. Provide the public hostname of the SQS queue to the third party for the webhook.

532)
A company has a workload in an AWS Region. Customers connect to and access the workload by using an Amazon API Gateway REST API. The company uses Amazon Route 53 as its DNS provider. The company wants to provide individual and secure URLs for all customers.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? (Choose three.)

A. Register the required domain in a registrar. Create a wildcard custom domain name in a Route 53 hosted zone and record in the zone that points to the API Gateway endpoint.
B. Request a wildcard certificate that matches the domains in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in a different Region.
C. Create hosted zones for each customer as required in Route 53. Create zone records that point to the API Gateway endpoint.
D. Request a wildcard certificate that matches the custom domain name in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the same Region.
E. Create multiple API endpoints for each customer in API Gateway.
F. Create a custom domain name in API Gateway for the REST API. Import the certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM).

534)
A company wants to build a logging solution for its multiple AWS accounts. The company currently stores the logs from all accounts in a centralized account. The company has created an Amazon S3 bucket in the centralized account to store the VPC flow logs and AWS CloudTrail logs. All logs must be highly available for 30 days for frequent analysis, retained for an additional 60 days for backup purposes, and deleted 90 days after creation.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Transition objects to the S3 Standard storage class 30 days after creation. Write an expiration action that directs Amazon S3 to delete objects after 90 days.
B. Transition objects to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class 30 days after creation. Move all objects to the S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval storage class after 90 days. Write an expiration action that directs Amazon S3 to delete objects after 90 days.
C. Transition objects to the S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval storage class 30 days after creation. Write an expiration action that directs Amazon S3 to delete objects after 90 days.
D. Transition objects to the S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) storage class 30 days after creation. Move all objects to the S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval storage class after 90 days. Write an expiration action that directs Amazon S3 to delete objects after 90 days.

536)
A company wants to provide data scientists with near real-time read-only access to the company's production Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL database. The database is currently configured as a Single-AZ database. The data scientists use complex queries that will not affect the production database. The company needs a solution that is highly available.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Scale the existing production database in a maintenance window to provide enough power for the data scientists.
B. Change the setup from a Single-AZ to a Multi-AZ instance deployment with a larger secondary standby instance. Provide the data scientists access to the secondary instance.
C. Change the setup from a Single-AZ to a Multi-AZ instance deployment. Provide two additional read replicas for the data scientists.
D. Change the setup from a Single-AZ to a Multi-AZ cluster deployment with two readable standby instances. Provide read endpoints to the data scientists.

537)
A company runs a three-tier web application in the AWS Cloud that operates across three Availability Zones. The application architecture has an Application Load Balancer, an Amazon EC2 web server that hosts user session states, and a MySQL database that runs on an EC2 instance. The company expects sudden increases in application traffic. The company wants to be able to scale to meet future application capacity demands and to ensure high availability across all three Availability Zones.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis with high availability to store session data and to cache reads. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones.
B. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with high availability to store session data and to cache reads. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones.
C. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon DynamoDB Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to cache reads. Store the session data in DynamoDB. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones.
D. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL in a single Availability Zone. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis with high availability to store session data and to cache reads. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones.

541)
A company wants to build a web application on AWS. Client access requests to the website are not predictable and can be idle for a long time. Only customers who have paid a subscription fee can have the ability to sign in and use the web application.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose three.)

A. Create an AWS Lambda function to retrieve user information from Amazon DynamoDB. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint to accept RESTful APIs. Send the API calls to the Lambda function.
B. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service behind an Application Load Balancer to retrieve user information from Amazon RDS. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint to accept RESTful APIs. Send the API calls to the Lambda function.
C. Create an Amazon Cognito user pool to authenticate users.
D. Create an Amazon Cognito identity pool to authenticate users.
E. Use AWS Amplify to serve the frontend web content with HTML, CSS, and JS. Use an integrated Amazon CloudFront configuration.
F. Use Amazon S3 static web hosting with PHP, CSS, and JS. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the frontend web content.

543)
A company runs Amazon EC2 instances in multiple AWS accounts that are individually bled. The company recently purchased a Savings Pian. Because of changes in the company’s business requirements, the company has decommissioned a large number of EC2 instances. The company wants to use its Savings Plan discounts on its other AWS accounts.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. From the AWS Account Management Console of the management account, turn on discount sharing from the billing preferences section.
B. From the AWS Account Management Console of the account that purchased the existing Savings Plan, turn on discount sharing from the billing preferences section. Include all accounts.
C. From the AWS Organizations management account, use AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) to share the Savings Plan with other accounts.
D. Create an organization in AWS Organizations in a new payer account. Invite the other AWS accounts to join the organization from the management account.
E. Create an organization in AWS Organizations in the existing AWS account with the existing EC2 instances and Savings Plan. Invite the other AWS accounts to join the organization from the management account.

544)
A retail company uses a regional Amazon API Gateway API for its public REST APIs. The API Gateway endpoint is a custom domain name that points to an Amazon Route 53 alias record. A solutions architect needs to create a solution that has minimal effects on customers and minimal data loss to release the new version of APIs.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create a canary release deployment stage for API Gateway. Deploy the latest API version. Point an appropriate percentage of traffic to the canary stage. After API verification, promote the canary stage to the production stage.
B. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with a new version of the API in OpenAPI YAML file format. Use the import-to-update operation in merge mode into the API in API Gateway. Deploy the new version of the API to the production stage.
C. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with a new version of the API in OpenAPI JSON file format. Use the import-to-update operation in overwrite mode into the API in API Gateway. Deploy the new version of the API to the production stage.
D. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with new versions of the API definitions. Create a custom domain name for the new API Gateway API. Point the Route 53 alias record to the new API Gateway API custom domain name.

550)
A company is using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt AWS Lambda environment variables. A solutions architect needs to ensure that the required permissions are in place to decrypt and use the environment variables.

Which steps must the solutions architect take to implement the correct permissions? (Choose two.)

A. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda resource policy.
B. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda execution role.
C. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda function policy.
D. Allow the Lambda execution role in the AWS KMS key policy.
E. Allow the Lambda resource policy in the AWS KMS key policy.

555)
A company runs an application in a VPC with public and private subnets. The VPC extends across multiple Availability Zones. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. The application uses an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue.

A solutions architect needs to design a secure solution to establish a connection between the EC2 instances and the SQS queue.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the private subnets. Add to the endpoint a security group that has an inbound access rule that allows traffic from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets.
B. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the public subnets. Attach to the interface endpoint a VPC endpoint policy that allows access from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets.
C. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the public subnets. Attach an Amazon SQS access policy to the interface VPC endpoint that allows requests from only a specified VPC endpoint.
D. Implement a gateway endpoint for Amazon SQS. Add a NAT gateway to the private subnets. Attach an IAM role to the EC2 instances that allows access to the SQS queue.

557)
A solutions architect manages an analytics application. The application stores large amounts of semistructured data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The solutions architect wants to use parallel data processing to process the data more quickly. The solutions architect also wants to use information that is stored in an Amazon Redshift database to enrich the data.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon Athena to process the S3 data. Use AWS Glue with the Amazon Redshift data to enrich the S3 data.
B. Use Amazon EMR to process the S3 data. Use Amazon EMR with the Amazon Redshift data to enrich the S3 data.
C. Use Amazon EMR to process the S3 data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to move the S3 data into Amazon Redshift so that the data can be enriched.
D. Use AWS Glue to process the S3 data. Use AWS Lake Formation with the Amazon Redshift data to enrich the S3 data.

559)
A company hosts multiple applications on AWS for different product lines. The applications use different compute resources, including Amazon EC2 instances and Application Load Balancers. The applications run in different AWS accounts under the same organization in AWS Organizations across multiple AWS Regions. Teams for each product line have tagged each compute resource in the individual accounts.

The company wants more details about the cost for each product line from the consolidated billing feature in Organizations.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Select a specific AWS generated tag in the AWS Billing console.
B. Select a specific user-defined tag in the AWS Billing console.
C. Select a specific user-defined tag in the AWS Resource Groups console.
D. Activate the selected tag from each AWS account.
E. Activate the selected tag from the Organizations management account.

560)
A company's solutions architect is designing an AWS multi-account solution that uses AWS Organizations. The solutions architect has organized the company's accounts into organizational units (OUs).

The solutions architect needs a solution that will identify any changes to the OU hierarchy. The solution also needs to notify the company's operations team of any changes.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Provision the AWS accounts by using AWS Control Tower. Use account drift notifications to identify the changes to the OU hierarchy.
B. Provision the AWS accounts by using AWS Control Tower. Use AWS Config aggregated rules to identify the changes to the OU hierarchy.
C. Use AWS Service Catalog to create accounts in Organizations. Use an AWS CloudTrail organization trail to identify the changes to the OU hierarchy.
D. Use AWS CloudFormation templates to create accounts in Organizations. Use the drift detection operation on a stack to identify the changes to the OU hierarchy.

569)
An Amazon EventBridge rule targets a third-party API. The third-party API has not received any incoming traffic. A solutions architect needs to determine whether the rule conditions are being met and if the rule's target is being invoked.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Check for metrics in Amazon CloudWatch in the namespace for AWS/Events.
B. Review events in the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) dead-letter queue.
C. Check for the events in Amazon CloudWatch Logs.
D. Check the trails in AWS CloudTrail for the EventBridge events.

571)
A company is creating a REST API. The company has strict requirements for the use of TLS. The company requires TLSv1.3 on the API endpoints. The company also requires a specific public third-party certificate authority (CA) to sign the TLS certificate.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use a local machine to create a certificate that is signed by the third-party CImport the certificate into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Create an HTTP API in Amazon API Gateway with a custom domain. Configure the custom domain to use the certificate.
B. Create a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) that is signed by the third-party CA. Create an HTTP API in Amazon API Gateway with a custom domain. Configure the custom domain to use the certificate.
C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate that is signed by the third-party CA. Import the certificate into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Create an AWS Lambda function with a Lambda function URL. Configure the Lambda function URL to use the certificate.
D. Create a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) that is signed by the third-party CA. Create an AWS Lambda function with a Lambda function URL. Configure the Lambda function URL to use the certificate.

574)
A financial services company launched a new application that uses an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. The company uses the application to track stock market trends. The company needs to operate the application for only 2 hours at the end of each week. The company needs to optimize the cost of running the database.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Aurora Serverless v2 MySQL database cluster. Most Voted
B. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Aurora MySQL database cluster.
C. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Amazon EC2 instance that runs MySQL. Purchase an instance reservation for the EC2 instance.
D. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that uses MySQL container images to run tasks.

577)
A company uses an Amazon CloudFront distribution to serve content pages for its website. The company needs to ensure that clients use a TLS certificate when accessing the company's website. The company wants to automate the creation and renewal of the TLS certificates.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?

A. Use a CloudFront security policy to create a certificate.
B. Use a CloudFront origin access control (OAC) to create a certificate.
C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate. Use DNS validation for the domain.
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate. Use email validation for the domain.

580)
A company uses locally attached storage to run a latency-sensitive application on premises. The company is using a lift and shift method to move the application to the AWS Cloud. The company does not want to change the application architecture.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Configure an Auto Scaling group with an Amazon EC2 instance. Use an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system to run the application.
B. Host the application on an Amazon EC2 instance. Use an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) GP2 volume to run the application.
C. Configure an Auto Scaling group with an Amazon EC2 instance. Use an Amazon FSx for OpenZFS file system to run the application.
D. Host the application on an Amazon EC2 instance. Use an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) GP3 volume to run the application.

582)
An ecommerce company uses Amazon Route 53 as its DNS provider. The company hosts its website on premises and in the AWS Cloud. The company's on-premises data center is near the us-west-1 Region. The company uses the eu-central-1 Region to host the website. The company wants to minimize load time for the website as much as possible.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Set up a geolocation routing policy. Send the traffic that is near us-west-1 to the on-premises data center. Send the traffic that is near eu-central-1 to eu-central-1.
B. Set up a simple routing policy that routes all traffic that is near eu-central-1 to eu-central-1 and routes all traffic that is near the on-premises datacenter to the on-premises data center.
C. Set up a latency routing policy. Associate the policy with us-west-1.
D. Set up a weighted routing policy. Split the traffic evenly between eu-central-1 and the on-premises data center.

583)
A company has 5 PB of archived data on physical tapes. The company needs to preserve the data on the tapes for another 10 years for compliance purposes. The company wants to migrate to AWS in the next 6 months. The data center that stores the tapes has a 1 Gbps uplink internet connectivity.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Read the data from the tapes on premises. Stage the data in a local NFS storage. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval.
B. Use an on-premises backup application to read the data from the tapes and to write directly to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
C. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices that have Tape Gateway. Copy the physical tapes to virtual tapes in Snowball. Ship the Snowball devices to AWS. Create a lifecycle policy to move the tapes to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
D. Configure an on-premises Tape Gateway. Create virtual tapes in the AWS Cloud. Use backup software to copy the physical tape to the virtual tape.

585)
A solutions architect is designing a disaster recovery (DR) strategy to provide Amazon EC2 capacity in a failover AWS Region. Business requirements state that the DR strategy must meet capacity in the failover Region.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Purchase On-Demand Instances in the failover Region.
B. Purchase an EC2 Savings Plan in the failover Region.
C. Purchase regional Reserved Instances in the failover Region.
D. Purchase a Capacity Reservation in the failover Region.

586)
A company has five organizational units (OUs) as part of its organization in AWS Organizations. Each OU correlates to the five businesses that the company owns. The company's research and development (R&D) business is separating from the company and will need its own organization. A solutions architect creates a separate new management account for this purpose.

What should the solutions architect do next in the new management account?

A. Have the R&D AWS account be part of both organizations during the transition.
B. Invite the R&D AWS account to be part of the new organization after the R&D AWS account has left the prior organization.
C. Create a new R&D AWS account in the new organization. Migrate resources from the prior R&D AWS account to the new R&D AWS account.
D. Have the R&D AWS account join the new organization. Make the new management account a member of the prior organization.

589)
A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer that has sticky sessions enabled. The web server currently hosts the user session state. The company wants to ensure high availability and avoid user session state loss in the event of a web server outage.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached instance to store the session data. Update the application to use ElastiCache for Memcached to store the session state.
B. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to store the session state. Update the application to use ElastiCache for Redis to store the session state.
C. Use an AWS Storage Gateway cached volume to store session data. Update the application to use AWS Storage Gateway cached volume to store the session state.
D. Use Amazon RDS to store the session state. Update the application to use Amazon RDS to store the session state.

593)
A solutions architect is designing a highly available Amazon ElastiCache for Redis based solution. The solutions architect needs to ensure that failures do not result in performance degradation or loss of data locally and within an AWS Region. The solution needs to provide high availability at the node level and at the Region level.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use Multi-AZ Redis replication groups with shards that contain multiple nodes.
B. Use Redis shards that contain multiple nodes with Redis append only files (AOF) turned on.
C. Use a Multi-AZ Redis cluster with more than one read replica in the replication group.
D. Use Redis shards that contain multiple nodes with Auto Scaling turned on.

597)
A company hosts an internal serverless application on AWS by using Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. The company’s employees report issues with high latency when they begin using the application each day. The company wants to reduce latency.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Increase the API Gateway throttling limit.
B. Set up a scheduled scaling to increase Lambda provisioned concurrency before employees begin to use the application each day.
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to initiate a Lambda function as a target for the alarm at the beginning of each day.
D. Increase the Lambda function memory.

599)
A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) clusters and Amazon RDS DB instances to build and run a payment processing application. The company will run the application in its on-premises data center for compliance purposes.

A solutions architect wants to use AWS Outposts as part of the solution. The solutions architect is working with the company's operational team to build the application.

Which activities are the responsibility of the company's operational team? (Choose three.)

A. Providing resilient power and network connectivity to the Outposts racks Most VotedMost Voted
B. Managing the virtualization hypervisor, storage systems, and the AWS services that run on Outposts
C. Physical security and access controls of the data center environment Most VotedMost Voted
D. Availability of the Outposts infrastructure including the power supplies, servers, and networking equipment within the Outposts racks Most Voted
E. Physical maintenance of Outposts components Most Voted
F. Providing extra capacity for Amazon ECS clusters to mitigate server failures and maintenance events


601)
A company runs its critical database on an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. The company wants to migrate to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL with minimal downtime and data loss.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create a DB snapshot of the RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance to populate a new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.
B. Create an Aurora read replica of the RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Promote the Aurora read replicate to a new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.
C. Use data import from Amazon S3 to migrate the database to an Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.
D. Use the pg_dump utility to back up the RDS for PostgreSQL database. Restore the backup to a new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.

602)
A company's infrastructure consists of hundreds of Amazon EC2 instances that use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage. A solutions architect must ensure that every EC2 instance can be recovered after a disaster.

What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST amount of effort?

A. Take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each EC2 instance. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to launch new EC2 instances from the EBS storage.
B. Take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each EC2 instance. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to set the environment based on the EC2 template and attach the EBS storage.
C. Use AWS Backup to set up a backup plan for the entire group of EC2 instances. Use the AWS Backup API or the AWS CLI to speed up the restore process for multiple EC2 instances.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each EC2 instance and copy the Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). Create another Lambda function to perform the restores with the copied AMIs and attach the EBS storage.

603)
A company recently migrated to the AWS Cloud. The company wants a serverless solution for large-scale parallel on-demand processing of a semistructured dataset. The data consists of logs, media files, sales transactions, and IoT sensor data that is stored in Amazon S3. The company wants the solution to process thousands of items in the dataset in parallel.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?

A. Use the AWS Step Functions Map state in Inline mode to process the data in parallel.
B. Use the AWS Step Functions Map state in Distributed mode to process the data in parallel.
C. Use AWS Glue to process the data in parallel.
D. Use several AWS Lambda functions to process the data in parallel.

605)
A company has several on-premises Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (ISCSI) network storage servers. The company wants to reduce the number of these servers by moving to the AWS Cloud. A solutions architect must provide low-latency access to frequently used data and reduce the dependency on on-premises servers with a minimal number of infrastructure changes.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Deploy an Amazon S3 File Gateway.
B. Deploy Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage with backups to Amazon S3.
C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway that is configured with stored volumes.
D. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway that is configured with cached volumes.

607)
Exam question from Amazon's AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate SAA-C02
Question #: 607

609)
A company is building a data analysis platform on AWS by using AWS Lake Formation. The platform will ingest data from different sources such as Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS. The company needs a secure solution to prevent access to portions of the data that contain sensitive information.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create an IAM role that includes permissions to access Lake Formation tables.
B. Create data filters to implement row-level security and cell-level security.
C. Create an AWS Lambda function that removes sensitive information before Lake Formation ingests the data.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that periodically queries and removes sensitive information from Lake Formation tables.






























